Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello?
Honey?
How many people are
in the operating room with you?
People…People?
Just… a few.
Hold on…
Did you check if her family requested
the CCTV to be recording?
Did her family… CCTV? Her family?
No. they didn't.
Okay. I'll fly over right away
and discuss with our Chief Counsel.
We'll blame this on a pre-existing condition.
We'll be fine.
Yes. honey. I love you.
I love you so much.
Cancel your remaining surgeries.
It's time to retire!
Hold on a second...
Our assistant he has something
he wants to say.
Go ahead.
Hello. Chairwoman.
Thank you for all your help.
So I don't actually have anything to say.
but the nurse seems to.
Uh…
Oh. yes. Hello. Chairwoman.
I think. um...
If we cancel all
the remaining surgeries today...
Perhaps it might look
a little suspicious--
Wait. wait! Be quiet so I can think!
Hello?
I forgot to fast.
I had a fish sandwich and cake today
for breakfast. Do you think that's okay?
Totally fine. Doesn't matter.
Don't worry. I can tell you are.
but the surgery will go well.
In all my years of surgery...
...I've never had any issues.
or an unsatisfied patient. really.
Everyone says you are
the best surgeon in the nation.
Oh. really? Who?
Everyone.
Anyway. thank you.
Okay. let's get started...
Propofol 80.
Please don't shave off too much.
I still want a subtle jawline...
Yes. of course.
You know. like Brad Pitt…
Okay.
Be careful.
You must be careful.
Chairwoman Park
often asks me to try things first.
I went to Italy to test run a vacation
before she enjoyed it.
How do I get that job?
By working 100 hours a week.
Uh. no. thank you.
So how do you want me?
How do I what now?
For the session. Shall I lie down or…
-Um. whatever.
-Okay.
So. Eunice. uh. are you tense anywhere?
Do you have any chronic ailments?
Chairwoman Park's lower back issues
stem from her tight hamstrings.
Okay. Yeah. we can stretch out
the hammies for sure.
A little ham-jam. A little ham-a-jam-a.
Okay.
So. for any chronic tightness.
we always wanna start slow.
Just say when if it's too much.
All right? I'll keep going.
Just say when.
Great.
Yep.
Okay.
Say when. please.
When.
I can't believe we got matching tattoos.
Let me see yours.
Oh.
It's fading a little bit.
It's still gotta be
the top three best night of our lives.
Yeah.
LCD Soundsystem at the Bowl.
Hot Chip opening.
- Mm.
- Oh.
You cried through the entire encore.
Yeah.
-The best molly we've ever had by far.
-Mmm. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah.
How do you feel?
- I don't feel it. I don't feel it.
- Don't feel it.
Should we quit our jobs next week?
We stayed up all night
planning our own music festival.
Yeah.
Well. I'll tell you what.
We dodged a bullet
because the festival bubble burst.
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
-Big time.
Although. you know. a lot of those acts
would be cheaper to book now.
All their fans are so sort of sad and old.
but they do have so much money.
I mean. it wouldn't be such a crazy idea
to convert the barn into. like.
a little concert space.
We could call it. um.
the Barn.
B. B. and B. Bed. Breakfast. and Barn.
-That's actually quite clever. Yeah.
-It's kind of good. right? Pretty good.
-And Troy's got all the music contacts.
-Yeah.
We actually know what we're doing now.
Fuck it. let's do it.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Yeah. I mean. I'll just. um…
I'll just submit
a few more invoices… every week.
Are we sure it isn't too insane?
I mean. we are talking about.
you know. like.
embezzlement.
Babe. we earned this.
I don't feel bad about it. honestly.
I don't.
Whoever Park replaces me with
is gonna ruin the club anyway.
I mean. everyone pads their invoices.
You know. I round up on mine.
Yeah. Yeah. exactly.
It's just… It's rounding up.
- Oh. it's Ashley. It's Ashley.
- Oh no. What does she want?
"The post office was closed
by the time I got there."
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yeah. "Sorry. LOL.
I'll mail out the invoices tomorrow."
-That's why I gave it to her at noon.
-I know. I know. I know.
I know. Bless her though.
She really is the perfect person for this.
Yeah. she's a fucking idiot.
♪ She was a playboy ♪
♪ Brigitte Bardot… ♪
- Hey. babe.
- Hey.
- How did it go?
- Fine.
What are you feeling for dinner?
I got a hankering for hummus.
Wha… Wait.
How'd the session go?
Did she hire you?
I don't know.
I don't think it's a big deal either way.
You know. I love being a trainer.
Okay. but what did she say?
How's her range of motion?
Oh. I can't fix that.
She's very stiff.
You know what?
We need to get in good with Eunice.
What? Why would we do that?
She could get intel
on how the session went.
The session went fine.
There's no intel to get.
We gotta get you at the club full-time.
It's the only way we won't drift apart.
I worked. like.
nine whole hours yesterday.
See? I should be
helping you out right now.
-What are you working on?
-Those are done. I just need to mail them.
Yeah?
Ooh!
Caught a typo.
Misc. I think you meant to say mist.
A little expensive for mist. no?
-I'm gonna invite her out to lunch.
-Really?
She seems like a lone wolf though.
-It'll be like a welcome-to-America thing.
-Mm-hmm.
I'll make a res at China Bamboo House.
Yum.
Ah! Do you hear that?
The foreground instruments are
so much more full
at the bottom of the frequency spectrum.
It's crazy.
Mm-hmm.
You wouldn't be able to hear that
on my old 18.
Yeah.
You listening? I'm gonna play it again.
Sorry. I'm just finishing
this text message to Ava.
-Do you wanna take a look?
-Yeah.
"Hey. Ava. darling."
"I heard about the GMs."
"No matter who gets it.
just know you can still reach out to me
anytime for anything."
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
-Yeah.
'Cause I figure we want them
to feel guilty but not put off.
Yeah. that's perfect.
Maybe just add you and Troy
can reach out to me and Josh.
-Right. directly.
-Yeah.
Yes.
And when did you send your message
to Troy about music contacts?
-An hour ago.
-Oh. perfect.
-Yeah.
-Sending… now.
Um. should we… do it again really quick
and then go to CVS?
I was thinking…
Mm-hmm?
"What if we don't get the pill?"
You mean. like… like. roll the dice?
Uh…
Yeah. I mean…
We'd always said.
you know. we'd start trying again.
-Unless you disagree.
-No. no. no. no. No. not at all.
I'm just. uh…
We haven't talked about it in a long time.
so I'm just recalibrating.
- Yes.
- Mm-hmm.
It sort of feels like the right time.
doesn't it?
Yeah. no. I mean…
Let's do it.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. I'm into it.
-I'm into it.
- Oh. Troy just texted.
- Oh yeah?
"You should talk to my buds.
They're doing the exact same thing."
"Their friends-and-family launch is on.
Want me to connect you?"
Should we go?
Uh. well. they say comparison is
the thief of joy.
so I don't think we need to.
You know. ours is gonna be so different.
Let's go. Let's go spend the night.
Let's stay. Just for a night.
And then we can.
like. judge and talk shit and…
I haven't had a day off in forever.
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. that'd be nice.
-I'll go get the bags.
-Okay.
-We'll pack.
-Look at us.
-I know.
-Spontaneous.
-Mm!
-Love you.
♪ Now I find you on the street ♪
The chairwoman
had to leave for Seoul.
so we didn't have a chance
to connect about the position.
Uh. how often does she
have to travel back and forth like that?
Sounds tough. Even with a private jet.
Pardon my reach.
Uh. she hopes
to settle down here in Montecito.
Her husband is
a prominent surgeon in Seoul.
and he is a bit more reluctant to retire.
Why? He's married to a billionaire.
They have a prenup.
Oh gosh.
I could never imagine
having that conversation with you. babe.
What's mine is yours.
Aw.
Um. well. we really appreciate her
squeezing in Austin's session
before she left.
Yes. of course.
Um. she's so happy to have
another Korean at the club.
Could you please pass me
the Mongolian beef. please?
- Oh. sorry.
- Sorry.
Well. if there's anything you can do
to help our chances.
we'd… we'd appreciate it.
I'd be happy to help.
Mm. do you miss Korea at all?
So much.
Have you two ever been?
No. but. um. Austin has family there.
- Mm-hmm.
- Right. babe?
Yes.
Um…
Uh. maybe tell her more about it.
Uh. I went once when I was little.
but I don't really remember anything.
You must go back. It's changed so much.
Uh… I. uh. love change… so much.
Uh. so did you grow up there?
Yeah. did you grow up there?
I was born in Seoul.
but moved to Guam. then Singapore.
I transferred to an international school
in London.
before college in Tokyo.
My master's at NYU.
then back to Korea for work.
-Where did you grow up?
-Phoenix.
Oh. I've never been.
Oh. you've gotta go.
Are there a lot of Koreans there?
Some went to a church an hour away.
We only went on Christmas.
Everyone thought I was Mexican.
The kids at international school
said I looked like Kim Jong-un's sister.
The guy from BTS.
I really love his solo work as well.
- Wow!
- What?
You do need
more Koreans in your life.
Maybe. I'm thinking of a different Kim.
I don't know.
Well. good thing I'm here.
It's funny.
I've. like. never even really
considered us. like. a mixed-race couple.
You know?
He's Arizonian to me.
I love that about us.
Could you please pass me
the kung pao chicken. please?
The medical staff took over
all his remaining surgeries today.
I assume
we're going to have to bribe them all?
Speaking hypothetically...
...the scope goes
far beyond the medical staff.
The deceased patient has a family.
The autopsy report
will need to be altered.
You're doing great. my love.
Don't forget to rotate your hips.
Yeah. I know.
Speaking hypothetically...
...we need to silence the
media outlets too.
I should have made him retire
before he messed up.
Speaking hypothetically again--
You don't have to say that every time.
Everything you're saying is hypothetical.
Yes. understood.
This will get even more expensive
if word gets out.
I wonder if spending a little more now
might save you in the long run...
Great power. Dr. Kim!
Fine.
Send the payments
through one of our shell companies.
That's the problem...
Due to the tax evasion allegations.
financial and regulatory scrutiny is worse than ever.
They're watching everything.
Solutions. Chief Counsel!
- Nice shot!
- Wow. nice!
Wow!
Pretty far.
I'm hitting really well today.
Bring me another one?
No. I know. I know. Troy.
but I'm just not gonna be there.
I'm gonna be MIA tonight and tomorrow.
Yeah.
I know. But you know what?
Just hit up
our new office associate. Ashley.
and she'll take care of you.
Okay. my man.
Adios.
-Is everything all right?
-Yeah.
I should've started delegating shit
such a long time ago. It's fucking great.
-That's what I was trying to tell you.
-I know. and you're right.
You're always right.
I'm gonna listen to you from now on.
Love you. This will be nice.
-Okay. so it's not crazy.
-Mm.
I'm not being mean.
but I'm not threatened.
Right?
Our place is gonna be so much better.
- Oh my God! Hi!
- Hey.
- Welcome. welcome!
- Hi.
- Thank you so much for joining us.
- Thank you. Hi.
Such an honor. Josh.
We love what you've done
to Monte Vista Point.
Thank you.
We'll see if it lasts with the new owner.
- Oh…
- Mm.
- So you guys own this property. right?
- Yeah.
Yeah. it's been our little passion project
for so many years.
Yeah. we literally have
the most patient investors ever.
My husband has opened
several successful resorts all over.
-They know their money's in good hands.
-Ah. that's very nice.
Oh man. I almost wanna ask
how much is in those good hands.
-Is that okay? Can I ask that?
-Um…
I don't think it is. Josh.
- I mean. I… I can't say. but… it is a lot.
- Yeah.
Mm. What if I guess?
Oh.
- I'm so sorry.
- Yeah.
My apologies.
He loves to get into the details.
- No. it's all good.
- Twenty mil.
Mm. Yeah. Yeah. yeah. okay.
I was close. That was close.
I was gonna guess. like. 15.
Okay. uh. well.
if you wanna follow us this way.
a cart will take you to your suite.
Is this not where we're staying?
No. that's check-in.
We built each suite
on its own little hill.
Yeah. Actually. with 100 acres.
the hardest part was trying to figure out
what to do with all the space.
Wait. what do we call that. babe?
The paradox of choice.
Right. The paradox of choice.
-Yeah. we're familiar with that.
-Yeah. we're super pro-choice.
A little slice of heaven.
♪ Feel like a brand-new person ♪
♪ Well. I don't care. I'm in love ♪
♪ Feel like a brand-new person… ♪
Please have a seat.
and we'll have someone grab your bags.
- Thank you.
- Wow.
♪ What it's like ♪
Do you think it's weird for me
to put Bacchus in our gift basket?
Online. it says it's a common drink.
I don't know.
I only ever saw my grandma drink it.
Well. what should I get her. then?
I want her to feel welcome.
I don't know
why you have to make a gift basket at all.
Um. okay.
Why don't you want me
to be friends with her?
I do. Just get the Bacchus.
Have you ever dated an Asian girl?
What?
Ew. No.
Ew? Why ew?
That'd be like dating my mom. Ew.
-Okay. then what's going on?
-Nothing's going on.
Are you worried
about the PT credentials?
Yeah. obviously.
Okay. well. it's fine.
I… I forged it perfect.
Do you have any idea
how much trouble I can get into
with. like. the governing body
of the physical therapy world?
-You mean the PTBC?
-See? I don't even know.
That's the problem. I'm sorry I'm yelling.
Okay. well. it's fine. Don't worry.
The license is sitting in Josh's office.
No one's ever gonna check.
I just feel like there are other ways
to work full-time
without obstructing justice.
You have to get that back.
Are you seriously
going to bed mad right now?
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Yeah. that's really nice.
-They've got Draculas out there.
-What?
Dracula orchids.
They're native
to the cloud forests of Central America.
Did you see the tub?
Yeah.
Japanese soaking tub.
Makes the one I spec'd
look fucking budget.
Yeah. they did
a really nice job with this place.
Well. yeah. they had 20 million dollars.
What the fuck is that now?
Did you put the D&D on?
Yeah. I put it up.
It's a feather.
Hi. We don't need any turndown service.
Oh. no. Uh. compliments of the owners.
No. thank you.
-Right. Well. perhaps for later. then.
-No. thank you.
What was that?
I don't even know. It looked gross.
Pasta making.
Bird watching.
They've got a full day
of awful activities tomorrow.
-Can we please go home in the morning?
-Yeah.
Okay.
You could do
custom materials like this. right?
You could source that. Right?
I mean. custom is always more expensive.
Again. they had 20 million dollars.
Yeah. I mean. I can…
I can get more money. I just wanna know
how much to keep up with this place.
Probably 20 million.
Come on. No.
I know we can't do exactly what they did.
but… you could do
our version in our price range. right?
Yeah.
No. I mean. I can… I can do it.
-What are you getting at though?
-Nothing. Just voicing a concern.
And you're saying it's not a concern.
so I fully trust you.
Are you asking if we can afford the pens?
Because we can't.
They're 500 dollars each.
No. I'm… I'm just trying
to come up with solutions.
If we can't afford that pen.
what pen can we afford?
I'm sorry. Am I supposed to be coming up
with some sort of pen budget for you?
I mean. I just… I wanna discuss a plan
in which we cover the design of the thing
I'm embezzling money for. if that's okay.
Fine.
Yeah. I can put together a design proposal
for next week. Does that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. Thanks.
"…known to the state of California
to cause cancer. birth defects.
and other reproductive harm."
Ah. I see.
What the fuck?
I'd like to rescind
my application. please.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
I appreciate the consideration. but
I rescind.
I'm… I'm sad to hear that.
I'm sad to say that.
But there might be another way
for me to be at the club full-time.
Oh. that would be amazing.
I'm sure Ashley would love that.
Yeah. no. she definitely would.
Uh…
See. if
you look
here…
Ashley needed help with the invoices.
and I couldn't help but notice
we've been spending
a lot of money on mist.
Pardon the typo. but 5K on mist
two times a week is so much.
Now. look. in the mornings.
I see it. and I'm impressed.
Marta does an incredible job.
All those drops everywhere.
I mean. when does she get to the club?
I've never seen her before.
Does she have a mist team?
Anyway. if she's open to bringing down
the mist cost by even a quarter.
it would free up a lot of money.
I think that's miscellaneous.
Hmm?
Oh.
Oh no.
I feel so dumb right now.
No. it's okay.
I can see how you got there.
You're just being nice.
I am.
Oh God.
Please enjoy the gift basket.
I will see myself out.
No. no.
I see your point. Uh…
10K a week for miscellaneous is a lot.
There could definitely be redundancies.
Yes. redundancies. That's my point.
It's really not about the mist.
It's
all about freeing up the funds
for more positions.
Of course.
And if anything full-time arises
that could be a good fit.
I'd be honored to apply.
Okay. I will see what I can do.
Can you send me those invoices?
I'll forward them to the chairwoman now.
Of course.
I really appreciate it.
Ashley too.
If you don't mind me asking. though.
why are you withdrawing
from the physical therapy position?
You're so talented.
I'm not.
I'm sure you guys
could find someone better.
I saw the videos you uploaded.
You're so knowledgeable.
I was hoping to schedule another session.
Chief Counsel.
did you find out anything?
What's going on with Josh?
I looked
into the invoices Eunice sent.
He knew all payments under $5.000
only require his signature...
...so he's authorized multiple payments
of $4.999 into his mother's account.
Also. he labeled these invoices as "Misc."
- Misc.
- Yeah.
Okay.
I'll be in touch.
Mmm. Yummy.
They make a good breakfast here.
I should visit your office more often.
Okay then.
Honey. what should we do this weekend...
maybe Tokyo? It's been a while.
Should we try that good sushi spot
the President told us about?
Okay then.
What did the Chief Counsel say?
There are redundancies in the club budget
he needed my eyes on.
Did he…
...have any new ideas on how to move the money?
It's keeping me up at night. I can't sleep a wink.
Do you even love me?
Honey. what the-- are you serious right now?
What kind of question is that?
Love… Wow. this is-- I mean. it's been a
while since I've heard you talk like that. "love"--
Stop stalling. Tell me.
I know you're struggling.
but I didn't mess up like that on purpose.
I'm the one having
the hardest time here. me!
I am the one with the most to lose.
So why keep doing surgeries?
I told you your tremors would get worse!
There was nothing else I could do.
You kept telling me to retire.
but how could I retire now?
I said I'd take care of you.
Am I not enough?
It's not because you're not enough.
Honestly. if you leave me.
how would I survive?
Then I'd have to work again. I'd work!
Do you know
how much I live in fear every day?
Don't lie.
While we're on this.
what could I even possibly do for you?
Stay by your side?
That's something anyone could do.
If you wanted. you could have
any man lined up at your door.
If you leave me. toss me aside.
then what would I do?
Wouldn't I have to work then?
How could I retire?
Okay. okay.
It seems like
you are really struggling with this.
I don't want us to grow apart from this.
Like you said. I don't want you
losing everything because of me.
Okay then. since I fucked up.
I'll turn myself in.
Does that work for you?
Let's stop talking about this. The end!
I'm going to stuff myself
with this delicious food.
That's right. Before I go to prison.
Stuff myself until I burst.
Dr. Kim.
I love you.
I found a way
to move the money.
Hey.
So Chairwoman Park wants to meet
about my contract extension ASAP. Look.
Oh.
Yeah.
Do you think she wants to extend it?
I don't know.
-But I should probably decline. right?
-Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean. yeah. as long as
you're feeling good about it.
-I feel great about it.
-Yeah.
-How do you feel about it?
-I feel great about it.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
I just… I'm… I am thinking out loud.
Um. you know.
what would it look like to extend it?
Just as a thought experiment.
Okay. yeah. No. let's… let's experiment.
Um. let's talk it out.
We… we still wanna do
the bed and breakfast.
-Of course.
-Of course. Yes.
So. um. we… we wouldn't be so rushed.
which is… which is nice.
-That would be nice.
-Yeah.
'Cause I am thinking.
you know. just…
…custom takes so much longer and. um.
permits…
-Ah. permits.
-…take forever.
-I didn't think about the permits.
-Yeah.
-Well. there's a lot to keep track of.
You know. we…
Like. we could submit more invoices.
Keep the money coming in. which. you know…
Get as many of these as we want.
It would be so nice
to have a pen in every room.
Mm-hmm.
The extension just
really sets us up for success.
-Exactly.
-You know?
It's like more money. more time.
It's always a good thing.
Yeah.
Yeah. let's do it.
-Let's do it.
-Yeah. Let's do it.
-I love you so much.
-I love you.
-All right. Let me get my laptop.
-Okay.
Yeah. okay.
Okay.
So the key is just to show confidence
while offering flexibility. okay?
I know exactly how to do this.
I've done a million contracts.
Yeah. just make sure not to.
you know. seem too desperate.
-Yeah.
-Don't do that. please.
I… I'm desperate right now?
Yeah.
-How's this? Is this better?
-I don't know.
Hello. Hello. Chairwoman.
Hi. How… how's the future?
'Cause of the time zones.
Uh. where's Eunice?
I want to speak one-on-one.
Oh. you… you speak English.
Little bit. Only you know.
Wow. thank you. I'm very honored.
Uh. I will take it with me to the grave.
I want to talk about your contract.
but I have a concern.
Oh. well. yes. I wanna hear every. uh.
and any concern that you might have.
Uh. you know. actually.
I… I started in the CartBarn. and--
Is your mother's name Marta Diaz?
No. No. um…
No. actually. my mother's name
is Marta Lucretia Diaz.
Is your mother. Marta Lucretia Diaz. dead?
Yes. yes.
I miss her every day.
Okay.
Is your dead mother. Marta Lucretia Diaz.
getting money from me
in a shared account with you?
Chairwoman…
…I can pay that… that money back.
Um. it was…
it was not a very large amount.
I feel much better now.
I'm ready to talk about your contract.
Three years. non-compete.
NDA. pay stays same.
I. uh…
Those… those are very reasonable.
um. conditions. I…
Thank you. Chairwoman.
Thank you.
In Korea. you bow.
- Sorry?
- Bow.
You bow. Josh. to show respect.
Yes. I… I respect you very much.
Lower the bow. bigger the respect.
Ah. got it. Yes.
Lower.
Of course.
Be on your best behavior or you are done.
From now on.
I tell you what to do. and you do it.
No questions. Okay?
Copy that.
♪ Hold still right before we crash
'Cause we both know how this ends… ♪
Hello?
Austin?
Slops are smelling great. huh?
Hey. what… what's this for?
Did you win something?
I just missed you so much.
Missed you too.
Hey. I've been thinking more about it.
I think you're right
about the physical therapy job.
What?
I just got the license back.
It's okay. That's good. I don't even think
we'll need to submit it.
Did Park get back to you or something?
I don't wanna jinx it.
How was your day?
Um…
It was fine.
Well. tell me more about it.
What happened? What was the best part?
Did you know
that Josh's mom passed away recently?
If that's the best part.
we gotta get to these slops.
Do you think it's weird
that her name was Marta Diaz?
You know. just like in those invoices?
Babe. there are.
like. a million Marta Diazes. okay?
Just relax. Everything's great.
We're up.
We… are… up.
Why are you in such a good mood?
I'm just so excited for us.
Oh shit. Sorry.
Hey. taste this.
I made it extra jiggly… just for you.
Mmm.
Yum.
Hey.
Hey. Woosh. What a beautiful day.
-Hey.
Mm. you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
So I was thinking about our arrangement.
And… crazy thought. Bear with me.
What if I received a cut of the commission
of any new business that I bring in?
You know. I know at least ten women
I can convince to sign up.
After next month. Dr. Kim's retiring.
What?
Decided today.
He's not taking any new appointments.
Wha…
Well. then find another doctor.
There are no plans
to replace him at the moment.
Well. there must be some other clinic
that we can send people to.
I just wanna focus on tennis.
I love tennis.
-I love tennis.
-What the fuck are you talking about?
- You wanna join the 40-and-over league?
- Hey. Lindsay!
Hey. Lauren. So good to see you.
I'm 39. you fuckwit.
All right. I know this end-of-day meeting
was super last second.
but we have
some very urgent announcements.
Uh. the first of which
is a new dress policy.
which I'm very excited about.
Uh. I was actually getting a little tired
of having to wear a suit every day.
Uh. but now
I'd like to pass it off to Eunice.
Yes. thank you.
The chairwoman is thrilled to announce
the next chapter of Monte Vista Point
with an investment of 50 million dollars.
Give it up. everybody. Five-O!
Our very own Josh Martín
has. of course.
been extended to stay on as GM
and oversee major upgrades to the club.
And as part of that initiative.
Austin Davis will now be
our full-time physical therapist
and help revamp the gym
into a state-of-the-art wellness center.
Oh shit. Oh my God.
I went over to rescind. and she told me
that Park loved the session.
And I started thinking
maybe you're right about all of it.
you know?
I thought you'd be happy about this.
Wait. so why didn't you tell me
you were going over there?
I didn't know
if you were gonna get the license.
You were so anti before.
so I took control.
and I went over to rescind. I rescinded.
Sorry. You don't think it's a little weird
Park's having you help oversee
the construction
of an entire wellness center?
I have a wellness background.
You're not a real physical therapist.
Whatever. Guess I'll cancel
our celebratory CPK dinner.
This doesn't make any sense.
They hired you even after you rescinded.
Yeah. maybe. just maybe.
they think I'd actually do a good job.
Okay. I don't have it all figured out.
but I… I think what's happening is
that the Koreans are. like.
using you and Josh to. like.
I don't know. steal money from the club.
Park owns the club! You're saying
a billionaire is stealing from herself?
I don't know!
Can you just be happy for me
and accept that I got this
on my own merit?
I finally feel useful now.
This is what you wanted.
Okay. I'll accept it
if you can look me in the eye
and tell me you're not into Eunice.
I mean. I'm not into her.
Here we go.
Fine.
Am I attracted to Eunice? Yes.
Am I drawn to our common heritage?
Absolutely.
But am I into her?
Are you breaking up with me?
No. I'm being honest with you
because I love you.
Look. my perspective is…
my perspective is I've never been around
this many Koreans before. okay?
My body is. like. reacting to everything.
It's like. uh. epigenetics. you know?
Because in the long run.
I do need Korean presence in my life.
but at the same time.
I want us to be together forever.
Nevertheless. I do find Eunice attractive.
so it's just. like. all really confusing.
And I just wanted you to know
'cause I love you.
What are you thinking?
Say something.
Uh…
I. uh. appreciate you being aware
of your feelings and sharing them.
I always wanna be a safe space.
You know I love you more than anything.
Ashley! What the fuck?
He's gonna leave me.
He's gonna fucking leave me.
Stop!
I'm fine. I'm just processing.
Ash!
-Ashley. what are you doing?
-Just give me some space. please!
Just grab yourself. bring your body
'Cause uptown funk gonna give it to ya!
Fuck! Shit!
♪ The year was 2808 ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm